Update readme (#3)
kumojin/bye-bye-cors: README.md

# You can now say bye bye to CORS errors!

> We sometime take on projects where we don't have controll over the back-end and have to wait for another team to fix the CORS issues before we can work on the front-end. This is a simple proxy that we made whenever we get in this situation in order to be able to work without getting blocked by CORS errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We sometimes take on projects where we don't have control over the back-end and that can lead to CORS issues arising which is problematic when working on the front-end. This is a simple proxy that we made whenever we get in this situation in order to be able to work without getting blocked by CORS errors.
```

## How to use

> Simply put update the proxyTable object in index.js and the proxy should work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply update the `proxyTable` object in `index.js` and the proxy should work.
```

Peux-tu rajouter un exemple stp?

(You will probably have to add rules for each of the url if you plan on deploying to Kubernetes)

## How to run

> Install the dependecies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies
```

> Install the dependencies
> ``` npm install ```
> or
> ``` yarn ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies: `npm install` or `yarn`
```
